updated README with HTTP details (#16)
t-keazirian/HTTPServer: README.md

``` 
to determine which version you have installed, or visit the [.NET docs][11] for more information.

## [Project Description:][1]

- This project started off with a simple Echo Server, and has been built out into an HTTP Server.
- This HTTP server includes routes, requests, and responses.
- The routes must be customizable with a URL, a verb, and an action to take when the route is called.

## Functional Requirements

A user should be able to interact with the HTTP server as follows:

* When a client sends a properly formatted request to the server, the server sends an appropriate response back to the client.
* A client can send different HTTP requests to the server and get the appropriate response back each time.
* Different clients can send messages to server and get back their proper responses.
* The server should be able to handle 200, 300, and 400-level responses.

## Implementation Requirements

* The server should establish a socket connection with the client using a low-level socket library.
* The server should accept and return streams of data rather than raw strings.
* The HTTP server should be covered by a robust suite of unit tests.

> * The HTTP server should pass all of the tests covered in `01_getting_started` in the [HTTP Server Spec](https://github.com/8thlight/http_server_spec).

Reviewer: Pretty sure you can just link to the code in your repo.

```suggestion
* The HTTP server should pass all of the tests covered in `01_getting_started` in the [HTTP Server Spec](http_server_spec/features/01_getting_started).
```

Author: This is really cool - I was trying to figure out how to do this/if it was even possible so yay, learned something new and fun!

#### Setup

1. You will need [Ruby][6] version `2.5.1`.  You can install Ruby using [brew][7] or the Ruby [docs][8]. 
2. Once Ruby is installed, run `ruby -v` to confirm you are using the appropriate version.
3. Next, run `bundle install`.

### Run the Acceptance Tests

> Note: This server is currently programmed to run on port `5000`. If you would like to change the port, you can change the value of the variable, `private static int _port = 5000` (line 11) in `Server.cs` and recompile. In the future, the goal is to make this customizable via a command-line argument.

Reviewer: here you should definitely reference the code directly in a link.

```suggestion
Note: This server is currently programmed to run on port `5000`. If you would like to change the port, you can change the value of the variable `_port` in [Server.cs](TKeazirian.HTTPServer/Server.cs) and recompile. In the future, the goal is to make this customizable via a command-line argument.
```

1. Start your HTTP server (you can do this by running the `dotnet run --project TKeazirian.HTTPServer` command or click `Run` if you are using an IDE)

> 2. Navigate into the `http_server_spec` folder: `cd http_server_spec`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate into the [http_server_spec](http_server_spec/) folder: 
```sh
cd http_server_spec
```
```
